# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv export --no-hashes --output-file=requirements.txt
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   ma-cantine
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
arabic-reshaper==3.0.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   xhtml2pdf
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   ma-cantine
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   oscrypto
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
astroid==3.3.6
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   redis
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   ma-cantine
    #   referencing
authlib==1.3.2
    # via ma-cantine
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   ma-cantine
black==24.10.0
    # via ma-cantine
boto3==1.35.57
    # via ma-cantine
botocore==1.35.58
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   ma-cantine
    #   s3transfer
celery==5.4.0
    # via
    #   django-celery-results
    #   ma-cantine
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   sib-api-v3-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   ma-cantine
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pre-commit
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   reportlab
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   ma-cantine
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   ma-cantine
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   celery
    #   ma-cantine
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   qrcode
    #   tqdm
cramjam==2.8.3
    # via
    #   fastparquet
    #   ma-cantine
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   jwcrypto
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
cssbeautifier==1.15.1
    # via
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
cssselect2==0.7.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   svglib
datacompy==0.16.7
    # via ma-cantine
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   willow
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via ma-cantine
dill==0.3.9
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint
distlib==0.3.9
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   virtualenv
django==5.1.0
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-celery-results
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   django-csp
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-modelcluster
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   django-otp
    #   django-permissionedforms
    #   django-simple-history
    #   django-storages
    #   django-taggit
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-base64
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   drf-spectacular-sidecar
    #   laces
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
django-anymail==12.0
    # via ma-cantine
django-celery-results==2.5.1
    # via ma-cantine
django-ckeditor==6.7.1
    # via ma-cantine
django-csp==3.8
    # via ma-cantine
django-debug-toolbar==4.4.6
    # via ma-cantine
django-extensions==4.1
    # via ma-cantine
django-filter==24.3
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
django-js-asset==2.2.0
    # via
    #   django-ckeditor
    #   ma-cantine
django-magicauth @ git+https://github.com/betagouv/django-magicauth.git@51f4709d8593016ac67428a87bbd2810070ae288
    # via ma-cantine
django-modelcluster==6.4
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
django-oauth-toolkit==3.0.1
    # via ma-cantine
django-otp==1.5.2
    # via ma-cantine
django-permissionedforms==0.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
django-simple-history==3.7.0
    # via ma-cantine
django-storages==1.14.4
    # via ma-cantine
django-taggit==5.0.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
django-treebeard==4.7.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
django-vite-plugin==4.1.0
    # via ma-cantine
django-webpack-loader==3.1.0
    # via ma-cantine
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   drf-base64
    #   drf-excel
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.4.2
    # via ma-cantine
djlint==1.36.3
    # via ma-cantine
draftjs-exporter==5.0.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
drf-base64==2.0
    # via ma-cantine
drf-excel==2.4.1
    # via ma-cantine
drf-spectacular==0.28.0
    # via ma-cantine
drf-spectacular-sidecar==2024.7.1
    # via ma-cantine
editorconfig==0.12.4
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   ma-cantine
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via ma-cantine
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via ma-cantine
faker==27.0.0
    # via
    #   factory-boy
    #   ma-cantine
fastparquet==2024.5.0
    # via ma-cantine
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   virtualenv
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   willow
freezegun==1.5.2
    # via ma-cantine
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   fastparquet
    #   ma-cantine
greenlet==3.2.2 ; (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_machine == 'x86_64')
    # via sqlalchemy
html-tag-names==0.1.2
    # via ma-cantine
html-void-elements==0.1.0
    # via ma-cantine
html2text==2024.2.26
    # via ma-cantine
html5lib==1.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   xhtml2pdf
identify==2.6.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pre-commit
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ma-cantine
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pytest
isort==5.13.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   ma-cantine
jsbeautifier==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
json5==0.9.25
    # via
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ma-cantine
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   ma-cantine
jwcrypto==1.5.6
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   ma-cantine
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   ma-cantine
l18n==2021.3
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
laces==0.1.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
lazy-object-proxy==1.10.0
    # via ma-cantine
lxml==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   svglib
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ma-cantine
nodeenv==1.9.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pre-commit
numpy==2.2.0
    # via
    #   datacompy
    #   fastparquet
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pandas
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   ma-cantine
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via
    #   drf-excel
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via datacompy
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   fastparquet
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pipdeptree
    #   pytest
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   datacompy
    #   fastparquet
    #   ma-cantine
    #   polars
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pillow-heif
    #   reportlab
    #   wagtail
    #   xhtml2pdf
pillow-heif==0.18.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   willow
pip==25.1.1
    # via pipdeptree
pipdeptree==2.23.4
    # via ma-cantine
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pytest
polars==1.27.1
    # via datacompy
pre-commit==4.0.1
    # via ma-cantine
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   ma-cantine
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via ma-cantine
py==1.11.0
    # via ma-cantine
pyarrow==20.0.0
    # via polars
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   cffi
    #   ma-cantine
pyhanko==0.25.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   xhtml2pdf
pyhanko-certvalidator==0.26.3
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko
    #   xhtml2pdf
pylint==3.3.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.5.5
    # via ma-cantine
pylint-plugin-utils==0.8.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint-django
pypdf==5.1.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   xhtml2pdf
pypdf3==1.0.6
    # via ma-cantine
pypng==0.20220715.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   qrcode
pytest==8.0.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pytest-django
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via ma-cantine
python-bidi==0.4.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   xhtml2pdf
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pandas
    #   sib-api-v3-sdk
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via ma-cantine
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   l18n
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   djlint
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyhanko
qrcode==7.4.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko
redis==5.2.0
    # via ma-cantine
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   ma-cantine
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
reportlab==4.2.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   svglib
    #   xhtml2pdf
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-oauth-toolkit
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
    #   requests-mock
    #   wagtail
requests-mock==1.12.1
    # via ma-cantine
rpds-py==0.21.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   ma-cantine
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   ma-cantine
sentry-sdk==2.10.0
    # via ma-cantine
sib-api-v3-sdk==7.6.0
    # via ma-cantine
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cssbeautifier
    #   html5lib
    #   jsbeautifier
    #   l18n
    #   ma-cantine
    #   python-bidi
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sib-api-v3-sdk
soupsieve==2.5
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   ma-cantine
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via ma-cantine
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   ma-cantine
svglib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   xhtml2pdf
telepath==0.3.1
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via ma-cantine
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   ma-cantine
    #   svglib
toml==0.10.2
    # via ma-cantine
tomli==2.2.1
    # via ma-cantine
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pylint
tqdm==4.67.0
    # via
    #   djlint
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pypdf3
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   jwcrypto
    #   ma-cantine
    #   qrcode
    #   sqlalchemy
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   kombu
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pandas
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   ma-cantine
uritools==4.0.3
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pyhanko-certvalidator
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   django-anymail
    #   ma-cantine
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   sib-api-v3-sdk
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
    #   ma-cantine
virtualenv==20.26.6
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   pre-commit
wagtail==6.3
    # via ma-cantine
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   cssselect2
    #   html5lib
    #   ma-cantine
    #   tinycss2
willow==1.9.0
    # via
    #   ma-cantine
    #   wagtail
wrapt==1.17.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   ma-cantine
xhtml2pdf==0.2.16
    # via ma-cantine
